Archer v2 - edited adding an api endpoint (#14486)
demisto/content: Packs/ArcherRSA/Integrations/ArcherV2/README.md

| fields_to_fetch | List of fields from the application to gets into the incident | False |

4. Click **Test** to validate the URLs, token, and connection.

> P.S : the api_endpoint parameter should be used only if you have another api endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: the api_endpoint parameter should be used only if you have another API endpoint.
```
